>> Todd Gardner: Now we can
do this with plain old HTML,
we don't need any JavaScript,
we don't need any CSS for this.
This is just natively supported in
the platform as a responsive image.
There's a lot going on in here don't
worry we're gonna break this down.
There are three different
things happening here.
So I created a picture,
the picture element supports
some special properties inside that
picture we defined at the bottom.
Let's start at the bottom,
at the bottom, there is the image,
that is the same image that we
already had, so herodesktop.PNG.
And just for this example,
I just added a width property to say,
here's how wide this thing could be.
So hero image at 2800 pixels,
it's out of fetch priority high,
this will be the default image.
If the browser doesn't know what to do,
this is what it's gonna get.
But we also can supply the source
element inside of a picture,
and this lets us specify some
like pseudo CSS media queries and
specify some different images.
So for mobile which we define as anything
with a max width of less than 720 pixel.
So if it's 720 pixels or narrower,
we say this is mobile, so go ahead and
get the hero mobile image.
And then we use the source set attribute
to specify rules, these rules,
let us say, for this width,
get this image.
For this width, get this image, we can
specify however many of those we want.
Now the browser is gonna figure it out,
it's gonna make its own decision about,
hey, how wide am I about
to display this thing?
What is the largest image that I
can get for this space that I have.
So for example, if it says, hey,
I have a space that is 701 pixels wide,
it's gonna say, it's wider than this one,
it's wider than 360.
So it's gonna go up to the next one.It's
not as big as 720, I'm gonna get this one.
And it fetches that image and
places it in there.
It allows us to precisely say,
at these screen sizes, use this image.
Now we can specify totally different
images by just using multiple sources.
So here any width greater than 721,
pixels,
we'll use the hero desktop.
And we did the same thing where we
specified at this width, anything less
than this width with, I guess this
is like kind of a redundant rule.
There'll never be something less than
720 width on desktop by definition,
so that first line is kind of useless.
[LAUGH] But the second and
third line take effect where I'll decide
between 1440 and 2800 which image
to show based on how big the screen
is that we're actually gonna show it.
Now, you don't need to take my word for
it here, we're gonna do some stuff.
We're gonna do some image optimization
with some real scripts and and
replace some stuff, so, let's do that now.